committee: ICSF
comment: General Committee Meeting
opened: 2014-05-16 18:05:00
closed: 2014-05-16 18:32:00
present: Tom Rivlin (Chair), Matthew Parker (secretary), Amanada Sjödahl (Picocon sofa), Zoe Vallis (treasurer), Sam McKenney (Chair of Vice), Stephen Ingram (Picocon beanbag), Diba Esbati, Daniel Clay (on behalf of Steampunk).
apologies: Maciej Matuszewski (librarian), Sanchit Sharma (publicity officer), Alexander Norlund-Matthiessen (editor)

= Approval of previous minutes
- Minutes were approved with no objections

= Business for this term
- Hay-on-Wye
 - Sam reports that barn and minibus are booked.
 - Peter, Fluffy, Sam and Ethel are all legally qualified and semi-competent drivers of said minibus.
- Seminar rooms in SAF have been booked most Thursday and Fridays (see events calander) for this term while the library is unavailable.
- The library is accessible to Maciej once per week and returns/requests can be made through him
- Handover for next year’s Picocon (from Amanda to Stephen) will take place on the 11th June.

= Events
- A bar night is taking place on the 20th May
- ICSF will be hosting a showing of Aliens in conjunction with Cinema Soc
- Possibility of running an unsubsidised cinema trip to see the latest X-Men film; although popular many members will be busy with exams at different times.

> Ethel Bardsley

= Steampunk
- Despite having taken the appropriate quizzes the Steampunk committee (Kate Reed and Daniel Clay) are unable to book rooms since they are currently not recognised by the Union. For now the current Secretary will book rooms on their behalf.
- The form of the steampunk membership product for icsf members needs to be discussed and finalised at the start of next year. There should also be discussion concerning the arrangements for Fresher’s fair (an extra table would be nice).
- Steampunk will be running a number of events this term.
 - Picnic at Greenwich park on the 11th June.
 - Science museum trip on the 15th June.

= Accounts
- Zoe assured us there was still a lot of treasure.

= Business next term
- Reports of the ongoing basement redevelopment talk of non-Euclidian horrors beyond the comprehension of sanity; we should therefore prepare for the possibility that the library will not be available on the scheduled time (one week before Fresher’s) and the incoming committee should make according plans.
 - Occulus Rift headset of library would be great
- It was proposed that the Librarian should wear an orang-utan costume while performing all library business (the absence of both current and future Librarian is regarded as a form of ‘silent consent’).
 - Proposal put to vote;
  - For: 4
  - Against: 5
  - Abstained: 1
 - Motion defeated
