committee: ICSF
comment: Emergency General Meeting 2
opened: 2013-12-02 18:00:00
closed: 2013-12-02 19:45:00
present: Tom Rivlin (Chair), Matthew Parker (secretary), Amanada Sjödahl (Picocon sofa), Maciej Matuszewski (librarian), Zoe Vallis (treasurer), Sam McKenney (Chair of Vice), Sanchit Sharma (publicity officer), Ethel Bardsley (tech priest), Benedict Harcourt, Alex Savell, Alexander Norlund-Matthiessen, Noor Mulheron, Anurag Deshpande.
apologies: Stephen Ingram (Picocon beanbag)

= Approval of previous minutes
- Minutes were approved.
- Alex Savill commentated on the lack of mispelling.

= Election of Editor
- Tom Rivlin (Chair) will act as Returning Officer.
- No formal nominations were made before the meeting; nominations will be taken from the floor.
- The position of RON will be represented by Miranda (the Dalek).
- Voting will be done by Multi-Ballot Anti-Voting (MBAV) method. Those present were asked if there were any objections and none were received.
- Alexander Norlund-Matthiessen stands.
- Miranda stands
- Speeches:
 - Alexander: No editing experience but enjoys writing and has been part of the executives of other societies before coming to Imperial.
 - Miranda: Writing is irrelevant. All shall perish in the fire! Exterminate!
- Questions:
 - What are you studying?
  - Alexander: Taught masters in computing.
  - Miranda: Advanced Genocide.
   - Ethel: ‘Ah, is that in the business school?’
 - Any experience of writing in Felix?
  - Alexander: Not in Felix.
  - Miranda: Turned the Felix office to ashes.
 - Do you have experience of LaTeX?
  - Alexander: Yes.
  - Miranda: Exterminate!
- Vote taken
 - 1st round; Miranda (RON) eliminated.
- Alexander Norlund-Matthiessen elected Editor

= Steampunk Society
- A request to form a steampunk society was rejected by the NCC and they were instead directed to ICSF and Table top gaming to see if there was a possible overlap of interest or whether there would be enough interest to merit a separate society,
- The interests and activities of a potential Steampunk society was mostly concerned with the aesthetic (as opposed to literature genre) of steampunk e.g. cosplay, museum visits; and therefore did not significantly overlap with those of the society, or the activities of its members.
- Sanchit pointed out that there are non-university steampunk groups active in London that they could be involved in.
- It was suggested that Steampunk could become a ‘sister-society’ of ICSF or another society that matched their intended activities (e.g. fashion) and if significant interest and experience where built up they could then become a separate society.
- It was also pointed out that having ‘sub-society’ groupings, especially if there intended activities were different, was a disagreeable position as it could lead to further niche societies e.g. Star Trek Soc, Dr. Who Soc, and that if Steampunk did become a sister society it would require a serious commitments of both societies to try and involve each other more. Since the majority of our members are not interested in steampunk this would be a problem.
- It was decided that Steampunk was sufficiently separate from Science Fiction and Table-top gaming (including LARPing) to ultimately form its own society, but also agreed with the NCC recommendation that Steampunk should initially approach other societies, based on their intended activities, to build up their membership and experience first (including possibly with ICSF).

= Events this term
- Of £600 budget for this term we have £150 left unspent.
- Trip to see the Hobbit on the 13th December. Since previous cinema trip was successful at getting more members there will be a subsidiary of £5 per ticket.
- Christmas night in library:
 - An additional budget of £150 was approved for food and drink on this night, to be held on the 12th December. Some members thought this was too high, and could be reduced by buying less alcohol.
 - Alex pointed out that there had already been a number of events of the theme ‘watch-films-and-drink-alcohol-in-the-library’ this term, and that the society should see if members are interested in more variety.
- Noor Mulheron suggested an Ice Skating trip. Since this does not specifically coincide with science fiction it was decided to run this as an unofficial event (without subsidiary) where the mailing list would be informed that other members were planning an ice skating trip on a particular date and were welcome to join. This will be organised by Noor.

= Events next term
- Book Blind date may be run next term.
- Society has been invited to a Ceilidh being organised by Caledonian Soc next term (after Picocon). Apparently this is Helen’s flatmate’s doing.
- Other events to be decided (email suggestions to Chair of Vice).

= Union refurbishment
- Based on the current proposals the library will remain in the same room and will have the same space next year. The carpets will be replaced and walls repainted. This does mean the library will be closed during the 3rd term and over the summer. Maciej is planning a system where members will be able to arrange to burrow library stock.

= Chairs
- Library is often short of seats at lunch time. A budget of £100 was approved for the librarian to spend on at least five stackable chairs or other ‘instruments of sitting’.
- Send recommendations to the librarian.

= Tankards
- Are apparently still being engraved.
- Union should get its act together.

= Other business
- "Can we go home?"
- No other business.
