committee: ICSF
comment: General Committee Meeting
opened: 2014-02-10 18:00:00
closed: 2014-02-10 19:30:00
present: Tom Rivlin (Chair), Matthew Parker (secretary), Amanada Sjödahl (Picocon sofa), Maciej Matuszewski (librarian), Zoe Vallis (treasurer), Sam McKenney (Chair of Vice), Stephen Ingram (Picocon beanbag), Ethel Bardsley (tech priest), Sanchit Sharma (publicity officer), Alexander Norlund-Matthiessen (editor), Noor Mulheron, Anurag Deshpande, Trevor Stickland, Kate Reed, Henry Leventhorpe, Henry Davies, Robin Thomas.

= Approval of previous minutes
- Minutes were approved with no objections

= Steampunk Society
- It has previously been mooted to the committee that Steampunk society should operate within Science Fiction society for the remainder of this, and next, year, in order to gauge interest in the society and hopefully to prepare it for becoming a full society in the future. This is because Science Fiction is a well-established society with an active membership, and with some overlap of their interests.
- Kate Reed (of Steampunk) was present to discuss this to the committee, having previously spoken to Tom Rivlin and Sanchit Sharma, and to respond to questions the committee may have:
 - ‘What events would Steampunk run?’
  - Organise trips to museums, trip to exhibition in Greenwich this Easter, crafting, meeting with other university steampunk groups.
 - ‘What is Steampunk’s budget?’
  - In the region of tens of pounds (~£60), mostly for crafting equipment.
- It was proposed to the committee for Steampunk to organise events within SciFi society; Steampunk would make sure to send a person to represent them in future committees (Kate Reed) and would have some access to the mailing list for events. Members of the Steampunk ‘group’ would buy membership of Science Fiction, plus ‘Steampunk membership’ as a £0 product sold through the Union Shop (to demonstrate interest to the Union in the future). Their budget would be at least the same as their membership dues, plus some amount below £100.
 - Motion passed
  - 1 abstention
  - 1 no vote
- Actions: Ethel will create a new mailing list for Steampunk and a ‘Steampunk membership’ product on the Union shop. Kate Reed will represent Steampunk in future committees and email Sam with details of future events.

= Picocon
- Picocon is two weeks away, and seems to be going smoothly.
- Need volunteers!
- Need publicity (share on Facebook; write articles for Felix, etc.)
- Metric will not be available to us in the morning, so the vendors will be located in the Union Dining Hall (UDH) and registration at Beit entrance. There was a lot of concern that this would cause low footfall around the vendors. It was proposed to move the registration, LAN, and some of the gaming to UDH, or to explore other possible sites for the vendors.
- Maciej talking to Union about early booking for next year (i.e. like last year, but aiming so the Union doesn’t forget our booking anyway).

= LonCon
- It was pointed out by Tom that the flyers for LonCon list ‘Ian. M. Banks’ as one of the attending guests. It was suggested that Ian. M. Banks should also attend this year’s Picocon, in spirit. Attempts to contact Mr Banks have so far proven unsuccessful.
- People should attend LonCon.

= Decamping
- According to the current West Basement redevelopment plans the library will remain in its current room. The room will not be changed structurally but will be repainted and have a new ceiling, carpets and, possibly, new chairs.
- Union will supply boxes for storing of our materials. It is estimated that we have about six tons of books and DVDs, some of which are quite valuable and delicate. The society will therefore require structurally suitable and waterproof boxes.
- The storage space is not currently known. It is hopeful that semi-regularly access (once a week, by the librarian) will be possible.
- New loans will be suspended on the 3rd of March and all books returned by the 7th in order for a stock check to take place before they are boxed. This will take place on the 17th-21st March.
- A meeting with the Union will take place this Wednesday, and the temporary storage space will be discussed. Further questions should be emailed to Maciej.

= Next Term
- Look to make a large booking of rooms for lunchtimes next term to be used as a social space while the basement is redeveloped. This room should have a projector and not require specialist card access.
- It might not be necessary/possible to secure a room every lunchtime, particularly on Wednesday.
- A small number of DVDs should be kept aside for storage to be screened at these gatherings, and suggestions for these made to the committee.

= Events
- Science Fiction all-nighter is taking place at the Prince Charles Cinema on the 15th February. Tickets for members will be subsidised down to £20 (from £25).

= Next year
- The development should finish in September, exactly one week before the start of Fresher’s week. Memories of the last, asbestos-riddled (and much delayed) Union development were met with laughter and internal crying.
- It was decided that archiving would be too much effort between Picocon and stock check so will be done next year.

= AGM
- AGM will take place on the 13th March. A notice of interest sheet has been put up in the library.

= Other Business
- No other business.
