<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!-- saved from url=(0120)file://C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\Content.IE5\JR9NR5SO\minutes.html -->
<!-- saved from url=(0022)http://internet.e-mail --><HTML><HEAD><TITLE>No Title</TITLE>
<META content="MSHTML 6.00.2900.2995" name=GENERATOR>
<META http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
<STYLE type=text/css>DIV.p {
	MARGIN-TOP: 7pt
}
</STYLE>

<STYLE type=text/css>TD DIV.comp {
	MARGIN-TOP: -0.6ex; MARGIN-BOTTOM: -1ex
}
TD DIV.comb {
	MARGIN-TOP: -0.6ex; MARGIN-BOTTOM: -0.6ex
}
TD DIV.hrcomp {
	MARGIN-TOP: -0.8ex; MARGIN-BOTTOM: -1ex; LINE-HEIGHT: 0.9
}
TD DIV.norm {
	LINE-HEIGHT: normal
}
SPAN.roman {
	FONT-WEIGHT: normal; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: serif
}
SPAN.overacc2 {
	LEFT: 0.8em; POSITION: relative; TOP: -1.2ex
}
SPAN.overacc1 {
	LEFT: 0.6em; POSITION: relative; TOP: -1.2ex
}
</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY>
<CENTER><B><FONT size=+2>Minutes of Meeting </FONT><BR><FONT size=+1>9th
February 2007</FONT></B>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV></CENTER><B>Start:</B> 1820 <BR><B>Present:</B> Adam
Antonik (AA), David Bartram - Chair (DB), Alban Cadu (AC), Peter Mabbott -
Librarian (PM), Alex Trenchard - Sofa (AT), David Weir - minutes (DW). Late
arrivals: Dan Rolph - Publicity (DR) and Rebecca Davies (RD).
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR><BR><I>Nobody gave me any minutes to agree or
matters that arose.</I>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H2><A name=tth_sEc1>1</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Picocon</H2>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><I>AA has nothing better to do; leaves at 1825 noting
that IC Radio are playing "Sultans of Swing" by Dire Straits.</I>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.1>1.1</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Venue Arrangements</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>PM - details from John Cockayne - parking from
0900-1800 will be £21 per car. This does not categorically guarantee a place but
there shouldn't be any big problems either. AT notes that it was £20 last year.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>PM has talked to Kristine and we will have heating in
the Union. It is suggested that we collect tables out of the meeting rooms on
the Friday afternoon. AT notes that there is usually a good stash of tables at
the back of the Union Dining Hall.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 1:</B> Check, on a daily basis, that
      the rooms are still booked.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>AT - the bar had lost our booking, but now know
about Picocon. A Public Address (PA) system has been arranged and they will be
getting in <I>plenty</I> of ale.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB - we have Clore Lecture Theatre from 0900 to 1800.
He has not yet talked to security about getting names and CIDs added to swipe
access. It is noted, however, that the list needing access will be similar to
the keylist for the Library.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.2>1.2</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Babysitting</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>AT - Drama John has volunteered as Farah Mendlesohn's
babysitter. The free food clinched it for him.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 2:</B> AT to email authors and
      babysitters, explaining the arrangements. It is very important that the
      meeting details are crystal clear.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR
clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.3>1.3</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;DoDM</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB - we have lots of Dodgy Merchandise. AC will need
help with Dewar collection between 1500 and 1700 next Friday.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 3:</B> Minions to assist AC with moving
      a Dewar of <SPAN class=roman>N</SPAN><SUB>2</SUB> from Chemistry on Friday
      16th Feb.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>DB - A single RAG bucket is on its way.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.4>1.4</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Crest Competition</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>The prize will be free entry to next Picocon and a
book. DB asks DR to shortlist three of the crests submitted and then a final
choice will be made from those.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>PM suggests that a stack of forms is created with the
crest blank and submission/entry details added. These could be handed out at
Picocon registration.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 4:</B> PM to supply DR with details of
      the crest competition, such as the need to create a certificate of free
      entry.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>DR notes that the `type of membership' needs to be
added to the entry form.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 5:</B> Add `type of membership' to
      entry form.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.5>1.5</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Family Fortunes Questions</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB - How about:
<UL>
  <LI>A spaceship (sci-fi ish)
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
  <LI>A city (fantasy city) - perhaps this is too general
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
  <LI>A fictional serial killer (horror) - but we would take whatever people say
  even if it was Jack the Ripper....
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
  <LI>AT - a Space Station - discarded as too close to spaceship
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
  <LI>DR - fictional currency - plenty of these, but not too many
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
  <LI>DW - talking animal
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV></LI></UL>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.6>1.6</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Houses</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB - while everyone is being creative we need names
for houses:
<UL>
  <LI>PM - <B>castles</B> such as Anthrax and Cair Paravel. AT states that we
  need some sci-fi, wondering if there exist any well-known castles in science
  fiction worlds. DB feels that there are ways and means off finding one.
  Castles Greyskull and Wolfenstein and suggested, but PM feels `a bad vibe'
  about using a computer game name.
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
  <LI>PM - <B>secret organisations</B>? DB - no, too related to last year.
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
  <LI>DB - <B>families</B>? Not houses - actual families. AT suggests taking one
  from A Song of Ice and Fire (ASoIaF), one from Dune and another - such as
  Vorkosigan. He believes that Vorkosigan would run well with the `beardies' but
  PM suggests it might be hard to find an appropriate symbol or token. It is
  noted that they are a pseudo-medieval military family so an appropriate token
  won't be too hard to find. DB wonders how many people will know Baratheon from
  ASoIaF. DW suggests Baggins (a ring could be used as a token but this would
  not be stealable).
  <DIV class=p><!----></DIV></LI></UL>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>AT suggests we just get three different coloured hats
and simply embroider or otherwise attach an appropriate stylistic device to
each. PM feels that a unified colour scheme could help people identify their
house.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB - What about hometowns such as Hobbiton (or <B>The
Shire</B>), <B>Melniboné</B> and <B>Trantor</B>. Terminus would be an awesome
choice but difficult to understand.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><I>RD enters at 1855. She looks exhausted.</I>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB asks if anyone wishes to take responsibility for
the symbols/tokens/etc. for the different houses. He notes that he <I>could</I>
do it but would not make a good job of it. RD said that Smithers said something
about making badges. People can talk to him at Smithersfest.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 6:</B> Buy coloured hats (PM to help
      DB). Liase with Smithers to create house
symbols/tokens/etc.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>Let is be recorded in the minutes that those
present wish Smithers, Kath and Ali happy birthdays.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB suggests that people should avoid taking the hats
into lectures. This is the responsibility of people on door duty to take them
off people going in.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.7>1.7</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Quiz</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 7:</B> John Cockayne to acquire a
      whiteboard for keeping the scores.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR
clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>AT - Cristina has arranged a Babelfish round. PM
will do a book covers round (6-10 book covers). DB suggests that PM might want
to start soon as it could be quite tricky.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 8:</B> PM and AT to write quiz
      questions.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>AT - there will be five rounds of five questions.
He noted an interesting format for the final round in a recent pub quiz. The
final five questions were all "naming n objects" and in descending quantity (5,
4, 3, 2, 1).
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>PM plans to do a round on imaginary [fictional]
libraries. DB would like to see the Library of Babel included. AT will write the
remaining rounds and is happy to be quizmaster.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.8>1.8</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Not A Fish Duel</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>"Adventure" Ed Sherman will be our champion for
something which is definitely not a fish duel. There will be a training montage
on Tuesday lunchtime. RD wonders if we have heard back from OUSFS yet - no. We
do, however, have a Cambridge champion but it might be worth chasing them up.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 9:</B> Chase up
champions.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.9>1.9</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Panel Discussion and Turkey
Readings</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DB has an excellent if "explosive" idea for the
discussion thanks to David Clements - who has sent an email stating that he has
arranged at least one reader for the turkey readings and will need one or two
more.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>Steve is a good person to cut short as, if we warn him
before, he won't be offended. AT states that Jakob has agreed to be our home
reader. Farah is happy to participate and Brian of Porcupine Books will probably
submit to our persuasive arguments on the day.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 10:</B> PM to separate Turkey Readings
      and Silly Games on the timetable (30 minute / 1 hour
split).</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc1.10>1.10</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Silly Games</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>DC has prepared questions for "Just A Minute" and
"What's My Line?". It turns out that "What's My Line" should be a lot more
interesting than it seems, since `line' here refers to a person's line of work.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>We have a giant Tube map for "Mornington Crescent".
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 11:</B> Need noisemakers (eg horns),
      whistle and stopwatch. People should bring in
whistles.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<H4><A name=tth_sEc1.10.1>1.10.1</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Teams for Silly Games</H4>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>Steve and Peter worked hilariously last year. AT
agrees. There will be, as usual, 3 teams constructed from "volunteers". Jakob
has already offered his talents.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>AT also volunteers, and other ex-chairs are likely to
be interested. DR will keep the time for "Just a Minute".
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<H2><A name=tth_sEc2>2</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;AOPB</H2>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>PM, AT report that Tim has done the Picocon budget and
float, though it was initially thought that he meant a float of the carnival
kind.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 12:</B> Put up
posters.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>AT wishes it to be noted that "soy makes you
strong". He has been drinking small quantities of AA's leftover soy sauce
bottle.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 13:</B> Remind Steve about the fish
      duel.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<H3><A name=tth_sEc2.1>2.1</A>&nbsp;&nbsp;Computers for LAN</H3>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>AT says that we have had several pledges - at leat 4.
DB says that we still need someone "on point" in the morning.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><B>Action 14:</B> Ask Ian to do the LAN,
  again.</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR clear=all>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR>AT can lend an N64; DR can lend a PS2. PM will
talk to Matt about having him supply some consoles.
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR><BR><B>Meeting Ends: 1935</B>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV><BR><BR>
<H2>Summary of Actions</H2>
<DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
<TABLE align=left border=1>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TD align=middle width=0><FONT face=helvetica>
      <OL type=1>
        <LI>Check, on a daily basis, that the rooms are still booked.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>AT to email authors and babysitters, explaining the arrangements. It
        is very important that the meeting details are crystal clear.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Minions to assist AC with moving a Dewar of <SPAN
        class=roman>N</SPAN><SUB>2</SUB> from Chemistry on Friday 16th Feb.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>PM to supply DR with details of the crest competition, such as the
        need to create a certificate of free entry.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Add `type of membership' to entry form.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Buy coloured hats (PM to help DB). Liase with Smithers to create
        house symbols/tokens/etc.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>John Cockayne to acquire a whiteboard for keeping the scores.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>PM and AT to write quiz questions.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Chase up champions (for something that is not a fish duel).
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>PM to separate Turkey Readings and Silly Games on the timetable (30
        minute / 1 hour split).
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Need noisemakers (eg horns), whistle and stopwatch. People should
        bring in whistles.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Put up posters.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Remind Steve about the fish duel.
        <DIV class=p><!----></DIV>
        <LI>Ask Ian to do the LAN, again.
        <DIV
class=p><!----></DIV></LI></OL></FONT></TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!--hbox--><BR
clear=all><BR><BR>
<HR>
<SMALL>File translated from T<SUB><FONT size=-1>E</FONT></SUB>X by <A
href="http://hutchinson.belmont.ma.us/tth/">T<SUB><FONT
size=-1>T</FONT></SUB>H</A>, version 3.77.<BR>On 10 Feb 2007, 16:44.</SMALL>
</BODY></HTML>
