committee: ICSF Committee
present: Ethel Bardsley (Chair Entity), Benedict Harcourt (Secretary), Andreja Kogovsek (Publicity Officer), Angela Branaes (Editor), Joseph Slade (Tech Priest), Maciej Matsuzewski (Picocon Beanbeg), Rebecca Clark, Assorted Silent Members 
apologies: Lucy McGregor (Treasurer)
absent: Amanda Sjodhal (Librarian), Joseph Britton (Chair of Vice)
opened: 2012-03-08 18:29
closed: 2012-03-08 19:09

= Approval of Minutes 
- Rebecca noms foods
- Minutes approved with corrections
 - All corrections were due to Benedict's inability to type accurately
  - These minutes will likely need similar corrections

= Chair's report
- Not imploded
 - We even have a chair!
- People signing up for positions
 - Freedom for the older ones?

= Treasurer's Report
- Grant all spent
- Picocon made £728.95
 - Less any claims that haven't reached the Treasurer
  - Benedict complains that Sainsburys' VAT receipts have been "on order" for a month now
 - This is less than in some previous years
  - Fewer T-Shirts sales both on the day and since
   - Need to push the remaining T-shirts
 - Also ~£350 for RAG
  - We think this is up on most years
 - £1872.32 in Picocon account
  - It is suggested that £800 is moved to general fund
   - MOT<passed>: £800 to be moved to the general fund
- Other funds are in the process of being shuffled to increase sense
- We will be receiving a smaller overall grant from the SCC this year
 - But we're still getting the important bits
 - The SCC Treasurer says that it's only £50 less in copyright and royalty
- The SCC is being oddly quiet
 - Benedict has actually already emailed SCC Chair and SCC Secretary about this

= Picocon
- Where's the pot?
- Picocon happened
 - Lessons learnt
  - Many of them are 'learnt' every year
 - Next year's plans are already going
 - Angela asks how hard can it be to write the quiz in time
  - Well volunteered

== Just a minute
- Be Lovecraftian
- Just a minute is explained for those who are unaware of it
 - Benedict reminds people that tickets are currently available

= Fanzine
- Benedict demonstrates the Fanzine
 - As we haven't published since 09-10, many younger members haven't seen one
- We need to print the 2010 Fanzine
 - ACT: Benedict to send the PDF to the publicity officer
 - ACT: Andreja to print them

= Hay-on-Wye
- We only have one qualified driver in the society current
 - RebeccaLiz notes that Lucy should take the damn test
 - We need to find out how to book the practical tests
  - The theory is on-line
  - ACT: Joseph to look into booking tests

> 18:44 Wouter van der Bergh (Picocon Sofa) enters

= Angela apologies for lack of Wyrmtongue

= AGM
- We often have refreshments
 - Refreshments have even been advertised
 - £50 is the usual amount
  - We should not get cheap vodka
  - We may need to acquire more plastic cups
 - MOT<passed>: A budget of £50 for post-AGM refreshments

= Any Other Business

== Website
- The society's website is getting rather outdated in both design and content
 - The social side 
- Questions to be addressed
 - What content should it have?
 - What it looks like?
 - How does it work?
- The lists (both) should be consulted
 - At first, mainly about content
  - All features in use
  - All features wanted
 - ACT: Joe to consult the lists

== Picocon 30
- It has been suggested that it should be a Unicon
 - This will be a two day event
  - Much more hassle
 - South Ken is not good for people to stay cheaply
 - However, we will win Presteige
 - Wouter declare this to be Triple-A grade madness
- Unicon 24 is only one names author
 - We already have Peter F Hamilton, who is of similar calibre
- It is believe that Unicon is a declared, not bidded for
 - Thus, we may just be able to declare ourselves Unicon 25
  - ACT: Maciej to check this
 - We should also declare ourselves to be the gods of two-day conventions
  - For <em>one night only</em>
- Do we want to do this?
 - Would it be too busy towards the end?
  - Not much worse: some things just can't be done before Jan
 - What will we do across two days
  - Films
   - CinemaSoc was asking us to do this this year (the UCH was already booked, though)
  - Writer's Workshop (small numbers - at same time as film)
  - More smaller, less pub-like quizzes
> 19:05 Semi-Dave enters
  - It looks possible, and ex-Picocon people should populate a list of events
   - ACT: Maciej, Wouter, Liz to put together enough event ideas

== Closing Remarks
- Semi-Dave doesn't know

