committee: ICSF
comment: Picocon Subcommittee meeting
opened: 2014-10-17 19:55:00
closed: 2014-10-17 20:30:00
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Rosanna Nichols (Librarian), Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest), Sam McKenney, Vinothan Shankar, Bennedict Harcourt.
apologies: Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag), Tom Rivlin (Publicity Officer), Sanchit Sharma (Wyrmtongue editor).

= Films to be watched at Picocon:
- It is suggested that there be some sort of marathoning of movies in the lead up to Picocon in order to vote on movie(s) that will be watched at Picocon.
- Following on from this it was discussed whether it might be worth looking into having an option on the e-registration for the con to let attendees vote on what movie(s) to watch.
- It is pointed out that only about 25% of the cons attendees are usually Imperial students, meaning opening up voting online would yield a more representative choice of movie(s).
- It is pointed out that the Union Concert Hall has been booked for both of the days that the con will be run.
- ACT: It is decided that over several weeks the society will decide this over informal viewings.
= Website:
- ACT: Stephen will SEND IN EVERYTHING to Ethel so that the website can be appropriately updated with information.
- It is brought up that the Picocon mailing list was not currently being used particularly.
 - ACT: There will be updates sent out on the Picocon mailing list every month or so.
- The issue of using social media to promote the con is brought up.
- The fact that there exists a Picocon twitter, which is severely under used is pointed out.
 - It is suggested that the Picocon twitter also not be overused; as to (accidentally) harass authors.
 - ACT: Stephen will take control of the twitter and increase its activity (responsibly).
- Someone needs to be in charge of the Picocon facebook page.
 - It is suggested that Peter (Beanbag) take this duty.
- The time frame for booking hotels for guests is queried.
- We are told there is plenty of time for this; it can begin in late autumn.
- The need for a restaurant booking for the guests is also raised.
 - ACT: Stephen will enquire about dietary requirements for guests, so that appropriate arrangements can be made.
- Ben makes a shameless plug.
= Pre-Registration Status:
- Pre-registration is functioning and ready to go when necessary.
= Room Bookings:
- LT1 has been booked.
 - Again, much rejoicing.
- The surrounding area on floors 2&3 in Blackett has also been booked.
- Union Concert Hall has been booked.
- Meeting rooms 1,2, 3.
- Again raised that Union booking system change may affect our bookings.
 - ACT: Stephen will find out when the rooms need to be re-booked, and then get Peter to do it.
 - ACT: The status of the bookings will be checked every Wednesday.
 - ACT: When bookings are made in future, it will be ensured that we see them putting it into the system, and screen shots will be taken if possible.
- Beat competitive dancers in a dance fight alá West Side Story to secure rooms if necessary.
= Ticket Prices
- Suggestion of prices; 8 for members, 10 for Imperials, and 12 for others.
- It is pointed out that at Picocon 30, the previous two-day con charged 12, 15, and 30 for the same categories respectively.
- Final Proposition: for 2 day tickets; 15, 18, 20. For 1 day tickets; 8, 10, 12.
- MOT<passed>: 7 for, 1 against, 2 abstention
= Any other Business:
- ACT: Amanda will send a list of retailers to invite to Stephen.
- There is a famous MC for the destruction of Dodgy merchandise; Stuart Ashton.
