committee: ICSF
comment: Annual General Meeting
opened: 2015-03-20 18:43:00
closed: 2015-03-20 19:19:00
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Rosanna Nichols (Librarian), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary) Sanchit Sharma (Wyrmtongue editor), Ethel Bardsley (Techpriest), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Ben Windo, Vin Shankar, David Zhang, Henry Leventhorpe, Luke Morton, Maciej Matuszewski, Edward Jackson, Saad Ahmed, Laura Beseler, Amelia Owens, Robin Thomas, Daniel Clay, Jian Chew.

= Approval of previous year’s AGM minutes:
- Minutes approved.
= Reports from 2014/15 Executive Committee:
- Chair Entity’s report:
 - Pretty good year.
 - It was messy in the library in the aftermath of the basement redevelopment.
 - Turns out we don’t need so many chairs, so we will get rid of the old chairs.
 - Plenty of members.
 - Will consider lowering membership price for the rest of the year.
- Chair of Vice’s report:
 - Lots of events were run.
 - We had more subsidies which seduced more people into joining/ attending.
 - Cinema Trips also happened. These were good.
- Treasurer’s report:
 - Started with ~£3000, which led to the Union complaining at us to spend more.
 - We therefore spent more, and liberally.
 - Picocon profit was ~£700.
 - Right now, we have £800 not including Picocon profits.
 - For next year, a grant of £600 was proposed. Consequently, we have been allocated £395.
 - We got lucky.
- Secretary’s report:
 - Minutes were taken.
 - Demonstrated an unparalleled ability to write on one sheet of paper.
 - Could easily handle more work in future if other positions need to delegate.
- Librarian:
 - The year started off poorly; due to the ceiling collapse and flood.
 - However, this was resolved and damaged stock replaced by the Union.
 - Acquired £887 worth of stock; lots of books and DVDs. Perhaps too many DVDs.
 - The Book Blind Date event went fine.
 - We received a huge donation which still requires sorting.
 - It is suggested that a committee Facebook or Google group be made for the express purpose of delegating the work more evenly.  
> [18:54] Medbh Campbell
- Picocon Sofa’s report:
 - Picocon happened!
 - There was lots of cross-societal collaboration which proved beneficial this year.
 - Rising costs have further reduced profits this year. In particular, T-shirts were a big concern. 
 - It is pointed out that the number of people who get in for free every year increases.
 - The two day con was quite successful, and judging from the Internet it seems that we are being judged by legitimate/ professional con standards.
 - Stuart Ashens seemed interested to return again next year.
 - We have reached something of a point of conflict with the Union regarding 568 and the Union facilities. Consequently, it is suggested we relocate lunch in future.
  - Eastside (run by college catering) is suggested.
  - Looking into external catering is also suggested.
 - The Union seems unwilling to budge on the arbitrary/ unfair charge they’ve leveed against us.
  - Stephen will attempt to speak to Tom Wheeler (Union President) about this.
- Picocon Beanbag’s report:
 - Picocon went well.
 - Room bookings happened.
 - All was well.
- Publicity Officer’s report:
 - Publicity happened.
 - We had professionally printed flyers for Freshers’ Fair and Picocon this year.
  - This has pros and cons.
 - Events were well publicised since we often ran out of space to put attendees at events.
- Editor’s report:
 - Fanzines happened this year.
 - Wyrmtongue happened this year; though very little happens in it.
 - Choosing between Latex and Word comes down to editor preference.
 - One more fanzine planned for the last term themed ‘Conclusions’ .
- Tech Priest’s report:
 - Website is functional and nice.
 - Webcam finally died, and was promptly replaced.
 - Database repair is a work in progress.
  - Looking into collaborating with Anime about this.
- “Congratulation to all members of the committee!” – Last Year’s AGM minutes.
= Election of new Committee for 2015/16:
- Amanda Sjӧdahl will act as Returning Officer. 
- No formal nominations were made before the meeting; nominations will be taken from the floor. 
- The position of RON will be represented by Miranda. 
- Voting will be done by Multi-Ballot Anti-Voting (MBAV) method. The Union requires that elections must be done by Single Transferable Vote (STV) if an objection to the alternative method is made. Those present were asked if there were any objections and none were received.
= Election of Tech Priest:
- Vin Shankar stands.
- Miranda Stands.
- Speeches:
 - Vin: Is competent with computers, and is heavily involved in the society.
 - Miranda: Will download the Internet.
- Questions:
 - Do you want to Run?
  - Vin: Yes.
 - What skills do you have?
  - Vin: Yes.
  - Miranda: See previous comment about Internet.
- Elections:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - Vin Shankar elected as Tech Priest.
= Election of Secretary:
- Henry Leventhorpe stands.
- David Zhang stands.
- Robin Thomas stands.
- Miranda stands.
- Speeches:
 - David: Long time member, we all know him. Feels it is long overdue he did something to help out.
 - Henry: Has filled in for me before and would be happy to do it in future.
 - Robin: Long time member; will be here as a PhD next year. Active and enthusiastic member of the society and would love to do things. Been many things in many societies before.
 - Miranda: Can also upload things to the Internet.
- Questions:
 - Courses and years?
  - David: 3rd Year Chem Eng.
  - Henry: 3rd Year Civ Eng.
  - Robin: PhD Earth Sciences.
 - Previous experience?
  - Robin: Treasurer for Skate Soc, and others.
  - Miranda: Secretary for Extermination Soc, Treasurer for Doctor Hate society, and Chair of Cheerleading.
 - Are you aware we have a wiki?
  - All: Yes.
- Elections:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - 2nd round: Robin eliminated.
 - 3rd round: David eliminated.
 - Henry Leventhorpe elected as Secretary.
= Election of Treasurer:
- Luke Morton stands.
- Robin Thomas stands.
- Speeches:
 - Luke: Has been the Treasurer of Karate, and is Chair of Gaming. Also will be living this year’s Treasurer.
 - Robin: See previous speech. Also his girlfriend is last year’s treasurer.
 - It is questioned whether this is a race of nepotism.
 - Miranda: Material wealth is immaterial. Also no relations.
- Questions:
 - Interference/ pressure from any other positions held?
  - Robin: Is planning on running for Magic man. This should not interfere.
  - Luke: Can juggle duties well.
 - Do you know VAT rates?
  - All: Will Google it.
 - Decadence budget?
  - All: Will be maintained at current rates.
- Elections:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - 2nd round: Luke eliminated.
 - Robin Thomas is elected Treasurer.
= Election of Chair:
- Anurag Deshpande stands.
- Peter Dawson stands.
- Speeches:
 - Anurag: Will make sure society is run. Knows bureaucracy.
 - Peter: Approachable, promises to get a hoover. Was Beanbag this year. Will get things done.
 -  Miranda: Exterminate chairs.
- Questions:
 - Quality of delegation?
  - Peter: Happy to delegate and be bossy when necessary.
  - Anurag: Something about being hard and soft. Willing to delegate.
 - Courses and years?
  - Peter: 4th year EEE.
  - Anurag: 3rd Year Physics.
 - How open are you to collaboration with other socs?
  - All: Very open.
  - Miranda: Collaborate!
 - Do you know Union staff?
  - Peter: Dealt with Union as beanbag. Willing to get to know more.
  - Anurag: Not higher ups, but willing to get to know.
 - Prioritise next year?
  - Anurag: Get some more freshers to bolster base numbers.
  - Peter: Look into possibility of expanding library space.
 - How good are you at communicating?
  - Peter: Very talkative, and happy with using various social media.
  - Anurag: Happy to communicate; active on social media (Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Tinder).
 - Any positions in other societies next year?
  - Anurag: No.
  - Peter: Head of Consoles in gaming (glorified carry monkey.)
- Election:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - 2nd round: Peter eliminated.
 - Anurag Deshpande elected as Chair.
= Election of Picocon Sofa:
- Noor Mulheron stands.
- Miranda stands.
- Speeches:
 - Noor: Was Chair of Vice, and the library didn’t explode. Has good experience with organisation, and delegation. Is enthusiastic and will Picocon good.
- Questions:
 - Key ideas?
  - Noor: 1-day con. Have slight overlap between some of the less busy events. 33 is a nice number.
 - Pressure?
  - Noor: Can handle it. Good at juggling.
 - Will your next year be busy?
  - Noor: Significantly less busy than this year.
 - Any thoughts about when to hold it?
  - Noor: Not Valentine’s day.
 - Thoughts on food?
  - Noor: Will look into external catering.
- Election:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - Noor Mulheron is elected Picocon Sofa.
= Election of Librarian:
- Laura Beseler stands.
- Amelia Owens stands.
- Speeches:
 - Amelia: Likes books, and is in the habit of organising things.
 - Laura: Also likes books, loves the society, and thinks Librarian sounds cool.
- Questions:
 - Acquisitions policy?
  - All: Listen to demand.
 - Duty Librarians?
  - All: Yes, will try to organise a rota of some kind beforehand.
 - Workloads next year?
  - Laura: 2nd Year Civ Eng. Henry says it’ll be fine.
  - Amelia: 2nd Year Physics. Anurag says it’ll be fine.
 - Cleaning?
  - Laura: Fan of cleaning.
  - Amelia: Has run scouts before.
 - Helped out Librarian this year?
  - Laura: Not really, but volunteered for Picocon.
  - Amelia: Not really.
 - Position on Italian Job clause?
  - All: Depends on comparison of demand, price, and relevance.
 - Prepared for the time sink?
  - All: Yes.
- Election:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - 2nd round: Amelia eliminated.
 - Laura Beseler is elected Librarian.
= Election of Chair of Vice:
- It is suggested that this meeting is like the Kamasutra, but not.
- Peter Dawson stands.
- David Zhang stands.
- Speeches:
 - Peter: See previous speech. Is a cool guy.
 - David: Likes Pizza. Has seen first-hand how the Union messes up, and will try and avoid this.
- Questions:
 - Opinions on Prince Charles?
  - All: Need More.
 - Hay?
  - Peter: On-Wye. Cannot attend this year, but will be around to organise.
  - David: Also cannot attend this year, but will be around to organise.
 - Bar nights?
  - Peter: More bar nights, but less spent at each one.
  - David: Avoid clashing with other societies’ events, but have more.
 - Going to other pubs?
  - All: Could be a good idea.
 - Workload & delegation?
  - Peter: Was Beanbag, so quite good with this.
  - David: Chem Eng can be pretty bad with dividing workload, so can juggle.
 - eActivities?
  - Peter: Was Beanbag, so can deal with this.
  - David: Uses MatLab.
 - Separate budgets for alcohol and soft drinks?
  - All: No reason not to cater for both.
- Election:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - 2nd round: David eliminated.
 - Peter Dawson is elected Chair of Vice.
= Election of Wyrmtongue editor:
- Amelia Owens stands.
- Miranda stands.
- Speeches:
 - Does art, in addition to the speech made before.
- Questions:
 - Uses Latex?
  - Amelia: No.
> [20:51] Patrick Boyle
 - Read the most recent fanzine?
  - Amelia: Yes.
 - Good at snaring people to write things?
  - Amelia: Yes.
 - Will be around during the summer?
  - Amelia: Yes.
- Election:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - Amelia Owens is elected Wyrmtongue editor.
= Election of Picocon Beanbag:
- Ben Windo stands.
- Saad Ahmed stands.
- Miranda stands.
- Speeches:
 - Saad: Been here for 2 years, likes the society and would like to do his part. Has some experience as he was Debate soc deputy convener for an event.
 - Ben: 2nd year EEE student. Felt this Picocon was good in the regard that it got everyone working together. However, he believes the welfare of the volunteers needs to be looked after better.
- Questions:
 - Degree?
  - Saad: Will be in 3rd year Physics.
 - Experience with publicity and room booking?
  - Saad: Secretary of gaming and Physoc. Also was publicity officer of Astrosoc.
  - Ben: Minimal room booking experience, but was involved extensively in fundraising efforts as part of Robotics society.
- Election:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - 2nd round: Saad eliminated.
 - Ben Windo is elected Picocon Beanbag.
= Election of Publicity Officer:
- Saad Ahmed stands.
- Miranda stands.
- Speeches:
 - Saad: See previous speech. Additionally, wants to be better than Tom.
- Questions:
 - Do you prefer professional printing or SAC?
  - Saad: Depends on what events it is for. Will also consult with committee in regards to this.
 - What areas apart from the walkway will you put up posters?
  - Saad: Notice boards in various buildings; will recruit people in different departments to put things up.
 - Strategy for Fresher’s fair?
  - Saad: Has been pretty good so far, will create more copies of Wyrmtongue.
- Election:
 - 1st round: Miranda eliminated.
 - Saad Ahmed is elected Publicity Officer.
= Review of Constitution and Standing Orders:
- Ratification of Amendments to the Standing Orders 
 - There were no changes to the Standing Orders during this session.
- Changes to the Constitution 
 - No Amendements to the Constitution were proposed in advance of this meeting.
- Further changes from the floor 
 - No changes were proposed from the floor.
= Steampunk:
- They are now 1 year old.
- We give them £100 per term.
- Everyone is quite content with the current arrangement, and happy for it to continue.
= Any Other Business:
- Library cleaning:
 - Clean floors.
 - Some of the chairs will be removed.
 - ACT: Ethel to order handheld vacuum.
- Any objections to allowing Vin to order items for library?
 - No objections received.

