
committee: ICSF
comment: Pre-Freshers' Fair discussion
opened: 2014-10-05 17:12:00
closed: 2014-10-05 18:30:00
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Tom Rivlin (Publicity Officer), Sam McKenney, Trevor Stickland
apologies: Rosanna Nichols (Librarian), Sanchit Sharma ( Wyrmtongue Editor), Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag)

= Discussion of Library Situation
- Initially, when library was checked on Wednesday (1/10/14), there was an unbuilt shelf that was to be constructed and the carpet had yet to be cleaned. It was understood this would occur by Tuesday (Freshers’ Fair).
- First Leak (Small Scale) occurred on Thursday (2/10/14)
 - 3 ceiling tiles destroyed; one nearly hits Sam (A near-miss report was filed).
 - Trevor removes two remaining tiles under controlled circumstances.
 - Analog magazines damaged. Union will pay for these.
- (Much) Bigger second leak occurred on Friday (3/10/14).
 - It is understood that Union will reimburse the society for damaged books.
 - ACT: Decided that any books being replaced, but not severely damaged, can be used as fodder for Freshers’ Fair giveaway.

- The Union's plans for the ceiling are queried.
 - It is understood that a measure of flood protection will be installed; ‘tanking’. (Sam can provide further details on this.)
- It is pointed out that there will be a Felix article published about the leak.
- The timescale of the library reconstruction is enquired about.
 - There is a suggestion that It may be ready by Freshers’ Fair, or at the very least that we may have some form of access to it.
 - It is noted that the reconstruction is being prioritised and will be completed as soon as possible.
 - ACT: Further decided to take caution in the area until the ‘tanking’ procedure is complete.
 - ACT: It is also agreed to maintain constant communication with Alex McKee and Laura Fellows in the Union.
- General discontent amongst committee members that the problem was not initially addressed fully; despite plenty of advance warning being given.
 - ACT: It is agreed that if nothing is heard by Monday (6/10/14) regarding the library situation, it will be followed up on.
- General consensus of satisfaction with the speed and efficiency with which the Union has responded to emergencies.
 - ACT: It is planned to have someone present in or near the library on Fresher’s Fair to explain its state.
- The point that the Union was, and still is, planning to replace the carpet when convenient to us is reiterated.
- Blueprints of the building are examined to see where the leak was coming from. (Upstairs en-suite).
- It is pointed out that there is the potential for receiving new chairs due to an Eastside re-development.

= Discussion of Alcohol Policy
- It was reiterated that there is a no alcohol policy in the west basement; Union alcohol or otherwise.
 - There may potentially be concessions made by the Union for pre-planned events which would need to be cleared in advance, however, they were largely non-committal on this issue.
- There is to be no alcohol in the library without express Union permission.
- It is pointed out that a table has been booked with Union facilities for Halloween for drink related activities.

= Discussion of Freshers’ Fair and Preperation
- It was questioned how many Wyrmtongues would be printed.
 - The current estimate is about 500.
- The conclusion is reached that Amanda=Swedish Chef.
- The plans for immediate preparation to be done on Monday are considered.
 - ACT: It is decided that, on Monday (6/10/14), the Librarian will catalogue damaged books to give away. Additionally, Wyrmtongue will also be printed.
- There is a Freshers’ Fair briefing recap.
 - We will need cloths to dry table and appropriate waterproof items as it is thought to rain that day.
 - People in Magenta shirts are there to help us with stalls.
 - No money is to be exchanged at Freshers’ Fair.
- Safety procedures are made clear. If there is someone there who should not be there; they can be removed.
 - Contact Magenta shirts for this.
 - This should hopefully help avoid another incident of Scary Vegan man.
- An enquiry is made into whether there is any dress code for the stall.
 - ACT: It is decided that there is no dress code for the stall; as long as something appropriately thematic is worn.
- The floor learns that Tom’s favourite episode of Power Rangers is Pacific Rim.
- The question is raised as to whether a banner will once again be placed outside the library.
 - ACT: It is decided to once again put up a banner outside the library.
- It is discovered that we cannot acquire neon balloons to make lightsabers for Freshers.
 - It is pointed out that toy lightsabers can be purchased online.
 - The question is raised as to whether these are a more elegant weapon for a more civilised age.

= Picocon Update
- LT1 in Blackett, as well as Meetings Rooms 1, 2, and 3 have been booked.
 - There is much rejoicing over this.
 - However, as the Union is switching its room booking system part way through the year, there could be issues.
- Notified that we will likely have a joint viewing with Imperial Cinema at the con.

= Other Business
- Some of the film trip plans for the upcoming year are explained. (For an extensive list, see Noor.)
- Some form of ‘West Basement Open Day’ is suggested in order to publicise the societies present within the eponymous region.
- The Chair volunteers to attend the next SSC meeting.
- It is decided to put up some more posters upon completion of the meeting.

