committee: ICSF
comment: General committee Meeting
opened: 2014-11-28 18:06:00
closed: 2014-11-28 19:30:00
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest), Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag), Tom Rivlin (Publicity Officer), Sanchit Sharma (Wyrmtongue editor), Rosanna Nichols (Librarian), Sam McKenney, Trevor Stickland, Daniel Clay, Henry Leventhorpe, David Zhang, Diba Esbati.

= Buying things for Library:
- As many requested items are only available on Region 1, it is proposed that we purchase a multi-region DVD player.
 - It is pointed out that the current DVD/BD player should already be multi-region.
 - If it is not, the appropriate unlock codes can be applied.
 - The point is brought up that, from a lending perspective, buying other region DVDs is futile as borrowers may not be able to view them.
 - It is made clear that purchasing other region DVDs is necessary in some cases due to there not being Region 2 versions.
- The point of whether we want to start making copies of DVDs again for lending purposes.
 - In order to reduce the amount of space this will take, it is suggested hard drives be used instead of blank CDs.
 - It is pointed out this defeats the purpose of copying them.
 - In order to minimise the Herculean task, it is decided to first only copy the most borrowed items.
 - The prospective cost of the endeavour is queried, and an estimate of £25 provided.
- Motion: Provisional budget of £25 for first round of copies.
 - MOT<passed> 16 for, 0 against, 3 abstaining
> Kate Reed 18:10
= Steampunk Budget:
- We are informed Steampunk’s last event required ~ £35.
- They may require slightly more over the next few weeks to replenish supplies.
- Their next event will involve leather and special tools ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).
 - This could prove to be rather expensive ~ £50-100.
- A provisional budget of £100 per term is suggested; with more to be approved if necessary.
- Currently the SGI is £2008.
- It is estimated we spend ~£500 per term on events.
- Motion: Approval of a Provisional budget of £100 per term for steampunk.
 - MOT<passed> 16 For, 0 Against, 3 Abstaining.
= Timetable board in Library:
- It is suggested that the timetable from Wyrmtongue be printed off and pasted on the door of the library.
- ACT: Noor to take calendar and send it to Sanchit.
- ACT: Sanchit to print it and stick it to the door.
= Bin & Cleaning of Library:
- We are informed we cannot get a bin for the library which will be emptied by the cleaners unless it is ‘University Approved’.
- It is suggested we get our own bin and just periodically empty it.
- We suspect that the cleaners have stopped vacuuming the library.
- ACT: Amanda email Alex McKee and/ or Laura Fellows about this.
- ACT: The Duty Librarian should bring the bin just outside the library inside at the beginning of lunch, and take it out at the end.
= West Basement Open Day:
- All societies are now fully operational in the west basement.
- ACT: Stephen will intermingle with other societies and feel out the enthusiasm for this idea.
- ACT: Hugh will consult with the head of ICUM, an acquaintance of his, about this idea.
= Radio Show:
- Now that IC Radio is operational, the question is raised as to whether we want our Radio show back.
- It is suggested the show be expanded to talk about any Sci-Fi thing, not just books.
- ACT: Rosanna to consult with Radio to get it set up.
- It is pointed out that when Anime soc floated the idea of a radio show, there were commitment issues.
- Consequently, there are commitment issues.
- It is decided to look for a host first.
= Alcohol Policy:
- The standing orders need to be amended to include a No alcohol in the library rule.
- The ‘no open drinks’ rule also needs to be amended.
- ACT: The standing orders will be reviewed in the next meeting.
- Once again, it is thought that it would be nice if we could have mulled wine at the Christmas event.
- ACT: Check with the Union about this ASAP.
- ACT: If no response is received a week before the event, a committee meeting will be held to decide what action to take.
= Card Access Problems:
- Some people are still have problems with getting into the West Basement after 8pm.
- ACT: Amanda to email DPFS about this.
= Picocon Update:
- A screenshot of our booking has been obtained.
 - But, Anthony Crowther is leaving soon.
- As one of the guests is vegan, food options for the dinner need to be reconsidered.
 - Jacobs or Prezzo on Gloucester Road are suggested.
- ACT: Stephen will e-mail budgeting and cost information to Hugh.
- Metric has been successfully booked, but they want our set-up for the day(s).
- The schedule of events has also mostly been worked out, but needs writing down.
- We are informed the registration system can be ready in two weeks.
 - The poll about cinema options needs to be added.
- ACT: Amanda needs to send a list of sellers to Stephen.
- ACT: Peter to book rooms on E-pix when it goes live on December 1st.
- ACT: Before February 13th, Tom needs to have a Picocon poster reasy.
- ACT: Stephen needs to email Locus about an advert.
- Health & Safety documents need to be completed.
 - Potential risk assessment for Liquid Nitrogen, like last year.
 - Evacuation Plan.
- ACT: Stephen to e-mail Ashens about potentially making a video saying he’s going to Picocon.
= Any Other Business:
- Events
 - Christmas event to be held on the 19th, which is the last Friday of term.
 - Motion: A budget of £200 is proposed for this.
 - MOT<passed> 16 For, 0 Against, 3 Abstaining.
 - Hobbit releasing 12th December; we will most likely go see it that weekend.
 - For Technobable reasons, it is suggested that we not see it in 3D.
 - The ticket price is £10.30.
 - A subsidy will be decided on closer to the time.
 - As this term has become quite packed with events, it is suggested the Ice Skating is put off.
 - ACT: Ice Skating will happen as a non-subsidised event just before the night in.
 - In its stead, a Barnight will occur in early December.
- There are still boxes in the library that need to be cleared.
 - Forced Labour is a party.
 - ACT: A clean-up day will be organised.
 - Motion: a £25 budget for snack incentives for clean-up day.
 - MOT<passed>16 For, 0 Against, 3 Abstaining.
- Sanchit can now Union Shop.
 - Union Shop is a verb.
- It is decided to have duty librarians, and volunteers are taken.
- A roster is worked out.
 - Mon-Rosanna
 - Tues-Peter/Diba
 - Thurs-Peter
 - Wed-Henry
- The stereo is still dodgy.
 - OR IS IT?
 - Could be a dodgy speaker.
 - Could be a dodgy Sub-woofer.
 - ACT: Sanchit will look into it for the next meeting.
- Trevor thanks society for selling him old TV.
- Prospective offers of donations need to be chased up.
- Issues with one security guard who insists on kicking us out after 11 pm, even though we have permission to stay later.
 - ACT: Amanda to email DPCS or DPFS to clear this up.
- Database and Webcam are still not operational.
 - ACT: Ethel  make ICT requests.
