committee: ICSF
comment: Pre-Halloween Event Meeting
opened: 2014-10-28 18:17:00
closed: 2014-10-28 18:52:00 
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest), Sam McKenney, Vinothan Shankar, Henry Leventhorpe, David Zhang.
apologies: Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag), Tom Rivlin (Publicity Officer), Sanchit Sharma (Wyrmtongue editor), Rosanna Nichols (Librarian).

= New TV:
- We have been informed by the Union that they have some money left over if we would like to buy a new TV.
- It is suggested that the society look into buying a projector in lieu of a new TV.
 - It is pointed out this will likely require extra work on behalf of the Union; putting in blinds, fitting the projector to the ceiling, and fitting a projector screen.
- It is suggested that this money could also somehow be used to retrofit the bookcases; in order to give us more space to play with.
- It is proposed that we enquire about buying a projector with the Union.
 - We could potentially also haggle down from a projector.
- It is suggested that we include some projectors on any prospective lists of things to buy to the Union.
- ACT: Anurag  will look into different projector options, and co-ordinate with Rosanna and Amanda.
= Halloween:
- We are informed that there is still no clear response as to whether alcohol will be allowed in the library for the event.
 - There may potentially be a table booked in the Union for Halloween.
- Items to be purchased for event:
 - Prize for best costume
 - Snacks, such as crisps, chocolates, eyeballs, etc…
 - Soft Drinks
 - Pizza
 - It is suggested that some decorations be purchased for the library.
 - It is further suggested that Cattle Prods be purchased for each committee member to facilitate crowd control.
- We are informed the current available budget is £2999.56.
 - Henry offers a donation of 44p to round this off.
- Motion: A budget of £200 for Halloween:
- MOT<passed> 8 for, 0 against, 0 abstaining
- ACT: Noor will lure in people to clean the library in preparation for Halloween by posting on social media and the list about a ‘Pre-party’.
- ACT: Periodically during the event, there will be clean up breaks. The committee will also be appropriately authoritarian in controlling rubbish and seating conduct.
= Any other Business:
- We are informed that the Interstellar film trip will take place on Saturday 8th November, and that the ticket price will be 50% subsidised.
- Noor may not be able to attend this due to prior commitments, so someone else may have to deal with administration of ticket distribution, etc on the day.
- We are informed by Stephen that a convention in Poland has expressed interest in sending a delegation to Picocon and vice-versa.

