committee: ICSF
comment: General Committee Meeting
opened: 2015-01-15 18:17:00
closed: 2015-01-15 19:05:00
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Tom Rivlin (Publicity Officer), Rosanna Nichols (Librarian), Henry Leventhorpe, Ben Windo, David Zhang.
apologies: Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag), Sanchit Sharma (Wyrmtongue editor)

= Budget:
- There will be a workshop on Monday (19/01/15) on ‘How to Budget’, at 18:00.
 - ACT: Hugh and Amanda  will attend.
- 76% of our budgeted membership has been achieved; meaning we have received 76% of the requested money.

= Give it a Go:
- The two events (Book Blind Date and Cornetto trilogy night) have been registered onto the calendar system.
 - The Cornetto trilogy viewing will be on Thursday (22/01/15).
 - Posters for this need to be made and put up on the Sherfield walkway amongst other places.
 - It is suggested that only one poster be made advertising both events.
 - Instead, it is decided to make two separate posters, because they might appeal to different audiences, and combining posters may deter one group.
 - ACT: Tom will design posters, and then Hugh will print them out in SAC.

> [18:27] Mass Exodus to the Union to collect Food

- We are informed our current budget is £1950, out of which £1753 is budgeted for Picocon.
 - As we will need to purchase copious amounts of Cornettos for the viewing, it is questioned whether we will have appropriate storage space for them.
 - Henry, Vin & Noor have graciously volunteered their (nearby) freezer space.
 - Motion: A budget of £40±10 is proposed for the night.
  - 9 For 0 Against 0 Abstain.
 - The question is raised as to how we aim to minimise the damage to the library from the aforementioned copious amounts of Cornettos.
  - Paper Plate, Napkins, and Vigilance.
- Regarding the Book Blind Date, an inquiry is made as to how many volunteers the librarian will need for packing, etc.
 - Unknown.
 - It is proposed instead to simply have a day in the library when people can drop in and help out with packing.
 - ACT: Amanda will send out a mass email about this.
 - On the actual day itself it is suggested we have volunteers walking around or standing in the quad giving books away.
 - ACT: Amanda will liaise with Union about maybe getting a table in the Beit archway like last year.
= Picocon:
- Everything is going fine.
- Stephen has sent an email around asking for volunteers to chaperone guests.
- Pre-registration will be up soon.
- The issue of the Centrefold is brought up again, as bookings have opened.
- Stephen: The centrefold will give us a lot of exposure. (Pause) I didn’t mean it that way.
- The poster design is ready; just needs printing.
- It is suggested that we begin advertising it, particularly to our own members and those in college, as they are least aware of it (ironically).
- It is proposed we inform the book club about it.
- Also, use the Picocon twitter, and get the Union account to retweet (re-tweet?) us.
- There will be also likely be some Picocon publicity on IC Radio.
