committee: ICSF
comment: Picocon sub-committee
opened: 2015-02-29 18:07:00
closed: 2015-02-29 19:19:00
present: Amanda Sjӧdahl (Chair), Hugh Mulligan (Treasurer), Anurag Deshpande (Secretary), Stephen Ingram (Picocon Sofa), Tom Rivlin (Publicity Officer), Rosanna Nichols (Librarian), Henry Leventhorpe, Ethel Bardsley (Tech Priest), Noor Mulheron (Chair of Vice), Peter Dawson (Picocon Beanbag), Sanchit Sharma (Wyrmtongue editor) David Zhang, Vinothan Shankar), Peter Holland, Diba Esbati, Keir Little, Laura Bessler, Helen Pennington

= Chaperone Status update:
- Noor: Minimal contact as of yet.
- Keir: Cory D has asked when to arrive.
- Helen: Everything is fine.
- Diba: Everything is fine.
- Doors open at 9.
- Ashens will be producing video for promotion.
 - Look into getting him to smash something on a counch.
= Panels:
- Saturday:
 - Cory Doctorow
 - Francis Hardinge
- Sunday:
 - Ian McDonald
 - Carrie Sperrenge
- It is suggested that, for ease, we have separate questions for each author, but an equal number aimed at both. Also, some question will be directed at both.
- They will be emailed with the basic framework of the question so that they can prepare
- Saturday:
 - Could question Doctorow about about the potential dichotomy between his life as a public figure, and his advocacy of anonymity on the Internet.
 - Could also ask him about the Silk Road trial.
 - Could ask both how dystopian they think their novels are.
 - It was questioned how in-depth Hardinge’s world building was.
  - Its ‘rich but not dry.’
 - Could ask both what their strategies are for distilling the oft complex issues they discuss in their books for the YA audience.
 - Could also ask how they deal with creating an author avatar.
 - Another question could be how they create author avatars.
 - Could also ask them both about their approaches to world building.
- Sunday:
 - Could ask McDonald about his penchant for androgyny.
  - Though we need to think of a non-awkward way to raise this.
 - Could ask both how gender affects hoe people perceive their characters.
 - Could also ask how historical and contemporary politics influence their writings.
= League of the Non-Aligned:
- Next meeting is on the 14th of February soooo, we will ask them politely to change it.
= Liquid Nitrogen:
- We need to go through the official channels for this.
- Need to clear it with the safety officer.
- We have trained people who can handle it.
- Potentially look into contacting Chris Hutchinson to source it.
= Turkey Viewings:
- NETFORCE.
- Two hours are allocated for Turkey viewings and readings.
- ACT: Anurag to find and decide on Turkey viewings.
= Felix:
- Volunteers are requested to write reviews of books from the authors for Felix.
 - Sanchit, Stephen, Diba, Keir, Noor have volunteered to do this.
- Centrefold has been booked for Wednesday.
 - Reasoning, this is good publicity and advertising.
 - Pun suggestions: “Peek-o-con” “Take a peek for picocon”.
= Misc things:
- Get some of the archive footage of previous Piconcons from ICTV and make some sort of exhibit about them.
- Can have RPGs.
- Could ask Writer’s Soc about a workshop.
- Could also ask Comedy soc.
- We have lots of rooms.
- Could possibly get Mitch Ben to do a set.
- Could have a LAN party.
 - DEFCON suggested.
 - Talk to gaming about using some of their consoles.
 - Motion: Have some sort of mobile gaming thing there?
  - 7 For, 0 Against, 12 Abstaining.
 - ACT: Peter to look into smartphone games.
= Volunteers:
- ACT: Stephen will send an email around asking for more volunteers.
- Keeping track of guests:
 - ACT: Stephen will look into getting paper wristbands for guests.
= Publicity:
- Create a Facebook page for the event.
- Get flyers and posters posted according to College rules.
- We will need approx. 200 flyers printed, and 50 A4 posters.
